# hello-world
My first repository
Greetings - I'm a novice to all of this, but anxious to learn.  My background is 40 years in the investment field, including senior level positions managing large hedge fund capital pools including the use of various derivatives and leveraged products, to plain vanilla index fund management and everything inbetween.  I'm particularly interested in using GitHub to leverage new approaches to investment management.  "Algo trading" is no longer a viable option for me in retirement, not enough tools and insurmountable latency problems.  More focused on innovative approaches to investing, particularly using listed options as leverage/risk levers to construct max/min investment scenarios with defined risk and the potential for leveraged reward.
I'm very willing to discuss concepts/strategy/background with interested parties so you can better understand the differences between "theory" and "real world" investment experiences, which is particularly important when designing code.  My expertise was "failure models", understanding what works well in theory, but breaks down in practice.  As example would be the work of Nassim Taleb, especially his book "Black Swan", along with a very good followup book about how to leverage the Black Swan findings entitled "Antifragile".  I don't pretend to have his mathematical skills, nor his insight. I do have a wide background in investments and have managed billion dollar capital pools for hedge funds, (where I was a partner and risk manager), active alpha seeking portfolios (including those which I designed and managed using portfolio analytics such as various Barra risk models and other tools), and billion dollar plus passive index funds for large institutional clients.  I held several FINRA and CFTC registrations, and held senior level executive positions in several Wall Street firms, private partnerships, and investment registered investment managers.
